OKTA-452297 - Updates to OIE SDK Guides for Node.js re authenticatorKey (#2886)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-sign-in-pwd-email/main/nodejs/integrationsteps.md

When the user initiates the sign-in process, your app needs to create a new `OktaAuth` object and set its `username` and `password` properties to the values entered by the user. Send this object to the [`idx.authenticate`](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-js/blob/master/docs/idx.md#idxauthenticate) method to start the authentication process. This call begins the multi-factor authentication flow.

> If the username and password are valid, `idx.authenticate` returns a status of `Idx.Status:PENDING`. This status indicates that an additional factor needs to be verified before the sign in. In addition to the status, the `nextStep` field that is included in the response identifies the input parameters of the next step, which in this case is for the email authenticator key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the username and password are valid, `idx.authenticate` returns a status of `Idx.Status:PENDING`. This status indicates that an additional factor needs to be verified before the user signs in. In addition to the status, the `nextStep` field that is included in the response identifies the input parameters of the next step, which in this case is for the email authenticator key:
```
